proof.txt
Explain how to see the name of the next player and the card disproving a suggestion when the next player holds a card disproving suggestion;
Explain how to see the name of the player-after-next and the card disproving a suggestion when the next player cannot disprove a suggestion, but the player-after-next can;
Explain how to see the name of the player BEFORE the player making the suggestion and the card disproving a suggestion when only they have a card disproving a suggestion;
Explain how to see that nobody could disprove the suggestion when only the suggesting player can disprove the suggestion;
Explain how to see that nobody could disprove the suggestion when nobody can disprove the suggestion.

This part is very hard to break down one by one. Instead I will explain this as a whole.

When a player is suggesting, he or she must be in a room to do that. After clicking the "suggest" JButton, a new JFrame pops out. 
Inside the JFrame, you can choose what card you want to select. You can only select ONE CHARACTER CARD, ONE WEAPON CARD, AND THE ROOM CARD is the room
you are IN. After choosing what the player want to suggest, press the "confirmed" JButton. This will give you the answer to this part.

There are three JLabels and under that, there are three JButton. After clicking the "confirmed" JButton, they will change. The three JLabel
will either said:

	(Some Player) prove this:
	FALSE
	
The first will be referring to the weapon card the player had suggested, the second is the room, and the third is the weapon.

If the cards are proven, it will give a the JButton a GREEN color meaning someone proved it. And the player name who proved it is on top of the
JButton.

If the cards are not proven, it will give the JButton a RED color meaning no one has the card. And there will be no player name, instead it will
give the text "FALSE".

When the card being suggested is in the suggesting player's hand, then it will print out "FALSE" and the JButton will be RED color.

	